1) Create a table STUDENT with appropriate data types and perform the following
queries. Attributes are Roll number, student name, date of birth, branch and year of
study.
a) Insert 5 to 10 rows in a table?
b) List all the students of all branches
c) List student names whose name starts with ‘s‘.
d) List student names whose name contains ‘s as third literal.
e) List student names whose contains two ‘s‘ anywhere in the name
f) List students whose branch is NULL.
g) List students of CSE & ECE who born after 1980.
h) List all students in reverse order of their names.
i) Delete students of any branch whose name starts with ‘s‘.
j) Update the branch of CSE students to ECE.
k) Display student name padded with *‘after the name of all the students.
2) Create the following tables based on the above Schema Diagram with appropriate data
types
and constraints and perform the following queries.
SAILORS (Saild, Salname, Rating, Age)
RESERVES (Sailid, boatid, Day)
BOATS (Boatid, Boat-name, Color)
a) Insert 5 to 10 rows in all tables?
b) Find the name of sailors who reserved boat number 3.
c) Find the name of sailors who reserved green boat.
d) Find the colors of boats reserved by Ramesh.
e) Find the names of sailors who have reserved at least one boat.
LAKIREDDY BALI REDDY COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING (AUTONOMOUS), MYLAVARAM
B.Tech. (Computer Science and Engineering) R20 Regulations (w.e.f. 2020-21) 59 | P a g e
f) Find the allsailid of sailors who have a rating of 10 or have reserved boated 104.
g) Find the Sailid‘s of sailors with age over 20 who have not registered a red boat.
h) Find the names of sailors who have reserved a red or green boat.
i) Find sailors whose rating is better than some sailor called Salvador.
j) Find the names of sailors who are older than the oldest sailor with a rating of 10.
3) Schema Diagram for the rest of the SQL and PLSQL Programs.
Create the following tables based on the above Schema Diagram with appropriate data types and
constraints.
EMPLOYEE (Fname, Mname, Lname, SSN, Bdate, Address, Gender, Salary,
SuperSSN,Dno)
DEPARTMENT (Dnumber, Dname, MgrSSN, Mgrstartdate)
DEPENDENT (ESSN, Dependent_Name, Gender, Bdate, Relationship)
a) Insert 5 to 10 rows into all the tables.
b) Display all employees’ names along with their department names.
c) Display all employees’ names along with their dependent details.
d) Display name and address of all employees who work for Research department.
e) List the names of all employees with two or more dependents.
f) List the names of employee who have no dependents.
g) List the names of employees who have at least one dependent.
h) List the names of the employees along with names of their supervisors using aliases.
i) Display name of the department and name of manager for all the departments.
j) Display the name of each employee who has a dependent with the same first name and
gender as the employee.
4) Create the following tables based on the above Schema Diagram with appropriate data
typesand constraints in addition to the tables in Experiment 2.
DEPT_LOCATIONS (Dnumber, Dloaction)
PROJECT (Pname, Pnumber, Plocation,
Dnum) WORKS_ON (ESSN, Pno, Hours)
a) Insert 5 to 10 rows into all the tables.
LAKIREDDY BALI REDDY COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING (AUTONOMOUS), MYLAVARAM
B.Tech. (Computer Science and Engineering) R20 Regulations (w.e.f. 2020-21) 60 | P a g e
b) Find the names of the employees who work on all the projects controlled by the
department Research.
c) List the project number, name and no. Of employees who work on that project for all
the projects.
d) List the names of all the projects controlled by the departments department wise.
e) Retrieve the names of employees who work on all projects that John works on.
f) List the project numbers for projects that involve an employee either as worker or as
a manager of the department that controls the project.
g) List the names of all employees in one department who work more than 10 hours on
one specific project.
h) For each project, list the project name and total hours (by all employees) spent on
that project.
i) Retrieve the names of all employees who work on every project.
j) Retrieve the names of all employees who do not work on any project.
5) Create a view that has project name, controlling department name, number of employees
andtotal hours worked on the project for each project with more than one employee
working on it.
a) List the projects that are controlled by one department from this view.
b) List the managers of the controlling departments for all the projects.
c) Demonstrate one update operation on this view.
d) List the Location of the controlling departments for all the projects.
e) Retrieve the data from the view.
6) Create a view emp from employee such that it contains only emp_noemp_name and
department.
7) Create a view dept from department with only dept_no and location.
 8) Create a view that contains the details of employees who are managers only.
 9) Write a procedure to check whether the given number is Armstrong or not.
10) Write a procedure which accept the account number of a customer and retrieve the
 balance.
11) Write a procedure which accepts the student number and displays the department in
 which he belongs to.
12) Create a cursor to modify the salary of all employees belonging to 'Research'
 department by 150%.
13) Consider the college database. Retrieve all students who have registered for a specific
 course and store their details into another table using Cursors.
14) Write an update trigger on Account table. The system should keep track of the records
 that are being updated.
15) Create NoSQL database for a sample application and perform CURD operations 